Add option to automatically rotate ssh keypair and observability passwords in the Maintenance window (#12525)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot-operations/shoot_credentials_rotation.md

- `password`: the password
- `auth`: the username with SHA-1 representation of the password

**Unless automatic credentials rotation is enabled, it is the responsibility of the end-user to regularly rotate those credentials.**
In order to rotate the `password`, annotate the `Shoot` with `gardener.cloud/operation=rotate-observability-credentials`.
This operation is not allowed for `Shoot`s that are already marked for deletion.

> See [Automatic Credentials Rotation](../shoot/shoot_maintenance.md#automatic-credentials-rotation) for how to enable auto-rotation for observability passwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Unless automatic credentials rotation is enabled, it is the responsibility of the end-user to regularly rotate those credentials.**
Refer to [Automatic Credentials Rotation](../shoot/shoot_maintenance.md#automatic-credentials-rotation) for instructions on enabling automatic rotation for observability passwords.
Manual rotation can be requested by annotating the `Shoot` with `gardener.cloud/operation=rotate-observability-credentials`.
This operation is not allowed for `Shoot`s that are already marked for deletion.
```

Reviewer: Please do the same for the ssh key credentials.
